Update 103-functions.md (#1810)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/110-java/content/100-java-fundamentals/103-functions.md

> # Functions
> In general, a method/function is a way to perform some task. Similarly in programming like Java, A method of function is a block of code that is written to perform a specific task again and again.
> It provides reusability of code. We write the function once and use it many times. It works on the 'DRY' principle i.e "Do not repeat yourself".
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> 
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/method-in-java'>Methods/Functions in Java.</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/methods-in-java/'>What are methods or functions in Java.</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/java/java_methods.asp'>Learn Functions/Methods in Java</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='green' badgeText='Visit' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6e5AyYWLFw'>Learn more!</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvanI8NRlSI'>Learn Functions in the best way!</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Functions

A method/function is a way to perform some task. Similarly, in programming like Java, a function method is a block of code that is written to perform a specific task repeatedly. It provides reusability of code. We write the function once and use it many times. It works on the 'DRY' principle i.e., "Do not repeat yourself".

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>

<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/method-in-java'>Methods/Functions in Java.</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/methods-in-java/'>What are methods or functions in Java.</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/java/java_methods.asp'>Learn Functions/Methods in Java</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvanI8NRlSI'>Learn Functions in the best way!</BadgeLink>
```
